
Kinect Page-

Kinect for Windows

Step 1-
Make sure that your computer is running Windows 7. It will also need to have the 
Kinect for Windows drivers installed, which have been provided. If it doesn't have
them installed you can locate them under the Drivers folder. Double-click the exes one at
a time to install them. Follow the on-screen installation instructions. 

Step 2-
The Kinect device has two cords, one for power and the other a USB connector.
The power cord can be detached so make sure that it's attached to the main cord
coming out of the Kinect sensor. The attachment socket is coloured coded orange and
it will not connect to anything else. Connect the power adapter to a power outlet. 
Connect the USB connector into a USB port on your computer.

If it's the first time your computer has been connected to a Kinect sensor expect to
see some background driver installation processes. Wait for these to finish before
running Neuromend. You should see a notification in the bottom-right corner of your screen
once the processes are done.

Step 3-
Place the Kinect sensor on a flat stable non-vibrating surface away from any edge.
Make sure there aren't any cables in the way of the sensor that may block the lens or 
prevent it from tilting freely. Do not manually tilt the sensor. The lens on the sensor 
should be kept clean for optimal recognition. There should be a fair amount of room space that 
is free of objects such as furniture. The room should also be well lit.

Additional Info & Help-
http://support.xbox.com/en-AU/xbox-on-other-devices/kinect-for-windows/kinect-for-windows-setup



Controls Page-

Kinect for Windows

Step 1-
Make sure the Oculus Rift is set up by following the steps on the Oculus Rift page.
Make sure the Kinect is set up by following the steps on the Kinect Page.

Step 2-
Position yourself at least 1-2 meters away from the front face of the Kinect sensor.
Ensure that the cables for the Oculus Rift are secured and out of your way. If your are
standing directly in front of a wall be sure that its colour is not dark. It also
helps to wear light coloured clothing so that the sensor doesn't struggle to recognize
your entire body. However, avoid wearing cloths that blend with the wall's colour.

Step 3-
The actual movements that your will be required to make are dependent on the current level.
There are instructional videos for each of the three levels, which will demonstrate the 
relevant movements and how to perform them correctly. You can also refer to the User Manual
document to get a general understanding of how to perform the movements.